I
I'll start the mail from the pilot
complex agent then
the first control point of the game ended
girlfriend
something wrong no guard flowers
indoors and maybe the guards had
party know dance songs
stay here sucker guards
I'll do it
did you hear him just call me
forget about it, give all the money well
OK
oh well for the cause i penetrate the building
loan management room on the second floor
from there i can manage all the systems
security
I'll contact you as soon as I am in the room
who did you do that to
metal still hot wit keep shot
into something quite recently with whom they
fought
battled mist and eye not blink
managed as they were devoured in whom they would not
fired it came from there was caught
through the steel fence booze honest and
I'm sure that you could
make it very funny we still need
understand what happened here continue
sweep sector